## Twee
Twee is an automated theorem prover based on KBC. The tool has some properties which make it interesting for rewrite rule generation outside of theorem proving. The first advantage Twee offers is the weight function it uses for KBO. The tool assigns the same weight to all function symbol and generates a precedence order over function symbols based on the frequency with which they appear in the initial set of axioms. As a result, there is no need for the user to come up with a suitable weight function. In the case of arithmetic, the resulting ordering is simply based on term size. Twee also offers some convenience when it comes to rule extraction. We can specify criteria such as a maximum number of terms and maximum term size and upon reaching any of the specified limits, Twee stops the completion and outputs the final system. While a proof goal is technically required, we can simply provide a contradiction to ensure execution continues until completion or reaching one of the provided resource limits. An important feature built into Twee is its handling of conditional rewrite rules. Since KBC only works on terms, such conditions must be encoded into the term itself. Twee solves this by a special encoding, resembling an if-then-else expression. It is crucial, that rewrites can be conditional since partial functions such as division are important when minimizing terms. While intended as an automated theorem prover, Twee is a good option for our purpose of generating rewrite rules using KBC, due to its ease of use and flexibility.

## Applications
The primary notion of optimality we consider here is term size. Smaller terms, using fewer operators translate into fewer instructions and therefore faster execution. As discussed before, optimizing for term size is in line with the underlying order of KBC. This is not the case for other notions of optimality. Herbie is a tool, which improves accuracy for floating point expression. While it tries to eliminate subterms if possible, it might want to rewrite to larger expressions in order to avoid certain patterns. Since these patterns depend on specific architectures, the rewrites Herbie applies are likely not compatible with an ordering, which can be used for KBC.